Info for covid-19 review (#1)
greenelab/covid19-review: content/01.abstract.md

## Abstract {.page_break_before} 

> Since late 2019, Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) has spread around the world, resulting in the

Reviewer: I would recommend making this (and other sections - intro and the things you aim to fill in) one sentence per line instead of fixed line width. We tried fixed line width on https://github.com/greenelab/deep-review and it was a nightmare to maintain. One sentence per line ended up working well with comments.

Author: Should be fixed [here](https://github.com/greenelab/covid19-review/pull/1/commits/be27fbb90ef9f51987a03da978c2cdf6bc732926)

declaration of a pandemic by the World Health Organization (WHO). This infectious disease is caused
by the newly identified severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2). Research on
the virus SARS-CoV-2 and the diease it causes is emerging rapidly through global scientific efforts.

> This information will be critical to effort to mitigate the impact of the virus through the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The development of diagnostics, treatments, and vaccines will be critical to mitigating the impact of the virus.
```

> development of treatments and vaccines. Here we present a collaborative effort to organize and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here we present a collaborative effort to organize and
```
